docs: add description of config versions (#23624)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/config.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/config-reference/desktop-config.yaml!)
```

## Configuration versions

In order to avoid breaking existing configurations, Teleport's configuration is
versioned. The newer configuration version is `v3`. If a `version` is not
specified in the configuration file, `v1` is assumed.

Some new Teleport features require users to opt-in by explicitly upgrading their
configuration to a newer version.

### Config `v1`

`v1` is the original version of Teleport's file configuration. It is still supported
today, but most new users should start with the latest configuration version.

### Config `v2`

Configuration version `v2` was introduced in Teleport 8 as part of Teleport's
TLS routing feature. With TLS routing, Teleport's proxy listens on a single port

> and uses ALPN and SNI to route incoming traffic to the correct listener rather

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
and uses ALPN and SNI to route incoming traffic to the correct Teleport service rather
```
Probably for most people listener=port so maybe we can use use `service` word instead.

Reviewer 2: It seems to me like listener or port would be correct. For example: when running a single Teleport service and connected to a database or openssh instance, the routing goes to a correct listener or port, not a correct Teleport service.

than listening on multiple protocol-specific ports.

For backwards compatibility, configuration version `v1` always listens on these
protocol-specific ports. When Teleport is using configuration version `v2`, the
individual protocol-specific ports are not opened unless explicitly set.

### Config `v3`

Configuration version `v3` was introduced with Teleport 11. In version 3, the
`auth_servers` field is no longer supported, and agents must specify one of
`auth_server` or `proxy_server` to indicate which endpoint to use for joining a
Teleport cluster.

Previous versions of Teleport allowed for `auth_servers` to point to Auth
Servers or Proxy Servers. As a result, Teleport would try to connect in multiple
different modes, resulting in confusing error messages. With config version 3,
Teleport only attempts to connect in a single mode, which is both more efficient
and easier to troubleshoot.

For example, this excerpt from a `v2` config can be converted to `v3` with the
following changes.

```diff
-version: v2
+version: v3
teleport:
-  auth_servers: [ teleport.example.com:443 ]

> +  proxy_server: teleport.example.com:443

Reviewer 2: Could we make this example more descriptive where `auth_servers`, as an array, has two entries like `proxy.example.com` and `auth.example.com`, and `proxy_server` only has `proxy.example.com`?

Author: We could, but specifying more than one (despite it being a list) has basically never worked correctly, so I'm a little hesitant to put an example in the docs for fear of someone copy pasting it. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Ah, that makes sense.
